# MissionControl.Order

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** |  | 
**createdAt** | **Date** |  | 
**updatedAt** | **Date** |  | 
**references** | **[String]** | The the first reference of this order is generated by the system that created it. The references are supposed to be used in customer/human related communication. It is not a technical ID. | 
**state** | **String** | The current state of the Order | 
**currency** | **String** | The currency used for all monetary information of this order, including all line items. Currencies cannot be mixed within the same order. | 
**netTotal** | **Number** | The total net worth (that is without taxes) of the order in the smallest unit of &#x60;currency&#x60;. For USD/EUR this would be cents, for GPB pence, etc. | 
**grossTotal** | **Number** | The total gross worth (that is with taxes) of the order in the smallest unit of &#x60;currency&#x60;. For USD/EUR this would be cents, for GPB pence, etc. | 
**taxes** | **Number** | The total amount of taxes of the order in the smallest unit of &#x60;currency&#x60;. For USD/EUR this would be cents, for GPB pence, etc. | 
**confirmedAt** | **Date** | The date at which this order was confirmed to be produced. When this date is set, the order &#x60;state&#x60; will be set to confirmed and no modifications of this order will be possible. | 
**canceledAt** | **Date** | The date at which this order was canceled. Only orders that were previously confirmed might be canceled. When this date is set, the order &#x60;state&#x60; will equal &#x60;canceled&#x60;. | 
**fulfilledAt** | **Date** | The date at which this order was complelty fulfilled. Fulfillment is assumed as soon as all production and logistics work is completed and the order is on it&#x27;s way to the customer. When this date is set, the order &#x60;state&#x60; will equal &#x60;fulfilled&#x60;. | 

<a name="StateEnum"></a>
## Enum: StateEnum

* `draft` (value: `"draft"`)
* `confirmed` (value: `"confirmed"`)
* `fulfilled` (value: `"fulfilled"`)
* `canceled` (value: `"canceled"`)


<a name="CurrencyEnum"></a>
## Enum: CurrencyEnum

* `USD` (value: `"USD"`)
* `EUR` (value: `"EUR"`)
* `GBP` (value: `"GBP"`)

