# MissionControl.Shipment

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** |  | 
**createdAt** | **Date** |  | 
**updatedAt** | **Date** |  | 
**references** | **[String]** | The the first reference of this pickup is generated by the system that created it. The references are supposed to be used in customer/human related communication. It is not a technical ID. | 
**state** | **String** | The current state of the object | 
**costs** | **Number** | The total costs (that is without taxes) of the shipment in the smallest unit of &#x60;currency&#x60;. For USD/EUR this would be cents, for GPB pence, etc. | 
**incoterm** | **String** | The incoterm of this Shipment | 
**carrierKind** | **String** | The kind of carrier for this Shipment | 
**carrierName** | **String** | The name of the carrier for this shipment. If &#x60;carrier_kind&#x60; is set to courier, the name must be one of &#x60;dhl&#x60;, &#x60;dhl_express&#x60;, &#x60;ups&#x60;, &#x60;gls&#x60;, &#x60;dpd&#x60;, &#x60;tnt&#x60;, &#x60;go&#x60;, &#x60;fedex&#x60;, &#x60;hermes&#x60;, &#x60;deutsche_post&#x60;, &#x60;bw_post&#x60;, &#x60;apc_overnight&#x60;, &#x60;royal_mail&#x60;. If &#x60;carrier_kind&#x60; is set to forwarder, the name of the forwarder is applicable. | 
**carrierService** | **String** | The booked carrier service for this shipment | 
**deliveryContactEmail** | **String** | The email address of the contact person at the delivery location. | 
**deliveryContactPhone** | **String** | The phone number of the contact person at the delivery location. | 
**deliveryInstructions** | **String** | The delivery instructions for this shipment. | 
**deliveryRequirements** | **[String]** | The delivery requirements for this Shipment. | 
**whiteLabel** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether the markings indicating the actual sender of the products should be removed before shipping. | 
**expectedDeliveryAt** | **Date** | The date on which this shipment should be delivered. | 
**deliveredAt** | **Date** | The date on which this shipment was delivered. | 

<a name="StateEnum"></a>
## Enum: StateEnum

* `waitingForCommission` (value: `"waiting_for_commission"`)
* `packed` (value: `"packed"`)
* `announced` (value: `"announced"`)
* `inTransit` (value: `"in_transit"`)
* `exception` (value: `"exception"`)
* `untrackable` (value: `"untrackable"`)
* `delivered` (value: `"delivered"`)


<a name="IncotermEnum"></a>
## Enum: IncotermEnum

* `CFR` (value: `"CFR"`)
* `CIF` (value: `"CIF"`)
* `CIP` (value: `"CIP"`)
* `CPT` (value: `"CPT"`)
* `DAP` (value: `"DAP"`)
* `DAT` (value: `"DAT"`)
* `DDP` (value: `"DDP"`)
* `EXW` (value: `"EXW"`)
* `FAS` (value: `"FAS"`)
* `FCA` (value: `"FCA"`)
* `FOB` (value: `"FOB"`)


<a name="CarrierKindEnum"></a>
## Enum: CarrierKindEnum

* `courier` (value: `"courier"`)
* `forwarder` (value: `"forwarder"`)


<a name="[DeliveryRequirementsEnum]"></a>
## Enum: [DeliveryRequirementsEnum]

* `forklift` (value: `"forklift"`)

